Hello world. Welcome everybody to uh our AR26 Agents and Robotics um accelerator pre-event. What we want to do is a little bit of a briefing uh to give you guys a heads up for what is planned and uh also offer a chance to do Q&A. Um myself, I'm George Hiter um one of the founders of um KXSB. Uh and I'm joined today by two colleagues. Uh Paul Darling, who is another uh co-founder. Um, do we have Paul? >> Hi everybody. >> Okay, we can hear Paul. We can see Paul. Wonderful. >> Uh, and I also got Oolena Yara um on the call today. She's there. Okay. Hi, Elena. Wonderful. >> Uh, this is a little bit of a miracle for us. We're all in uh different uh locations. Uh, so I'm in Philadelphia and the US. Uh, Paul is in London and Oena is in Paris. Uh so shows the global nature of uh of KXSP. So um let's get started. Paul and I are going to play pingpong a little bit with different topics. Uh Oena is going to keep an eye on both the Discord and the YouTube chats. So feel free to comment and ask questions as we go through it. Uh we will get back to all these uh at the end of our segment. Uh so let me talk a little bit about KXSB. KXSB um was founded in 2024 by myself, Paul and Les Mara and is set up as a UK notfor-profit community interest company. Um but uh we pretty much have a global mission um building a global AI innovation community. We have circa 2500 members at the moment and work with over 20 different uh technology partners. Um what we do is we look to increase engagement uh and access for AI builders. you know be that helping newcomers getting started um or you know help you know emerging and established projects with guidance and connections. Back you know almost two years ago when uh we were discussing the formation of KXSB and the possibilities that AI would offer to empower many of us to build our own things uh in our own way rather than just being beholden to you know off-the-shelf big tech solutions. We actually had no idea how quickly all this would uh would progress like uh you know especially this year has been absolutely crazy. Uh so I think our um agents and robotics uh topic even though you know we already planned this last year um is is bang on the money of um of where we are. Um so in terms of our track record uh last year was really our inaugural year. Um, you know, we ran a London, Paris, Berlin accelerator, which was the first format of this kind of initiative. Um, we had well over uh 30 projects uh that got submitted. Um, we had over 15 uh in-person events uh across London, Paris, and Berlin last year. Uh, and pretty much put our accelerator format on the map. Um basically what we want to do is not just weekend builds you know quick in and out but we want to allow people globally to connect and build together shipre solutions and um provide you know sufficient mentorship and um enablement around that. Another thing that uh you know we've begun this year uh is that many of our members asked us um you know if we could help them uh with getting engaged uh with opportunities both in terms of um employment or funding uh and uh we've launched the um AI talent exchange which um is basically you know to those who want uh introduce them to uh employers uh who are looking for talent at the moment. Um let's now go and talk a little bit more about AR26. Um I'm going to hand over to Paul and uh you know give us a little bit of an intro of the logistics and schedule and locations. >> Hi everybody. Uh thanks George. Um yeah, as George says, we're always very ambitious with our accelerators and as you mentioned last year we um covered London, Paris and Berlin. Um and we also uh we had in real life and online and so in the similar vein we're doing that this year and uh at the moment you're listening to the briefing session but on the 27th of March we have our first um in real life event um which is over at the uh former Olympic park uh in East London. So absolutely amazing facilities. Um huge great um it was a former media center. Fantastic facilities over there. Really encourage you to come over um in real life if you possibly can. Um in fact to um promote that we're going to have a spicy um hardware raffle um which will be open to anybody who actually you know comes to the in real in real life event. But um I also want to stress that this is entirely a hybrid model. So you can be uh competing uh entirely online. Uh we're going to have all the uh events livereamed um with recordings um um for uh of all the uh workshops or anything like that. Um and also the YouTube chat channel. So uh we as I mentioned we start in uh London on the 27th of March. Um we uh have another in real life event u towards the end well at the end of the um initiative in Berlin. Uh we're going back to um PT1 which was the same location we were at last year which is absolutely uh amazing location in Croittsburg in Berlin. Very very cool. Um some people um did the whole stint so they came started with us uh in London and were still with us in Berlin. We don't expect everybody to do that but uh anybody who really wants to do that uh would be very welcome to do so. Um I should also mention that the project um whilst the the the um initiative is being launched now and at the launch event um the project deadline will be April the 10th. so that we've got some time to look at the uh the results um jud have a have a um judging panel um and be ready for the uh conclusion on the 17th of uh April. So I think that's about everything I I I need to say at the moment. I'll be back shortly, but I'll hand back to George at the moment to discuss um the four missions that the make up the accelerator. Yeah, thanks Paul. Uh, so this is really about, you know, being on the frontier, you know, working in the box, working outside of the box and, you know, beyond into the conceptual. So you know how do we use AI to affect the real world? You know we want to have a accelerator that blurs the line from the purely digital execution of agent networks to the physical in integration of acting in the real world using sensors, robots, drones and other hardware to the conceptual of you know where will this all take us as society as as humanity. So there's four missions we call them. You know, basically when you create a project in um AR26 um you can tag it to one of these four missions. Um and you know your project should ideally be um you know connected to the spirit of that mission. Right? The first mission um is the in the box stuff. It's digital agents, multi- aent systems. Um so you know this is the hot area at the moment like uh you know all the open claw and mold book and um all the derivatives of this um and beyond you know building LLM assistance agent orchestration collaborative AI and autonomous workflows. Um the second mission um goes more into touching the real world through autonomous systems and embodied AI. You know, here we look at drones, robots, real world navigation, perception, action loops, and simulation to real, right? And so again, there's many ways to build in this fashion, right? Be it um you know, as a pure simulated uh construct or be it um as actual hardware uh in in in the real world. Um the third mission is human robot interaction and social robotics. Right? So this is looking more at um how do the two worlds the the AI robotics world and our human world um connect you know emotional AI assistive applications therapeutic robotics or educational context for example and then the fourth one um we go more into the you know conceptual philosophical around ethics agency and societal impact right you know topics like governance and responsibility but also So you know I would like to focus on what is the human role uh in in light of all these technologies and how should society adapt and transform uh in light of it. What are what are longer reaching implications? Um all these missions are wide open. Um and you know we're we're quite liberal in how contributions fit under these categories. you know, basically so long as you can explain it to us, uh, we're we're good with it. Um, I'm going to hand back over to Paul now and, uh, talk a little bit about who can participate and how. Thanks, George. Um, yeah, I guess I what I really want to stress is that, um, you know, how how democratized this accelerator format is. So, um, don't be put off because you're not technical. I know the the the streams look technical but um LLMs and uh the way AI is at the moment uh you know allows people who are pretty well non-technical to uh participate in this type of thing and we want to encourage that. So we we're really open globally to university students that might be in AI robotics um and related fields uh developers, researchers, technical builders um m and you can either join as a team so multi multi disciplinary teams that might be hardware software particularly in the robotics um and then just people who are um you know interested in in AI interested in building stuff uh AI enthusiasts. Um the accelerator is you know completely free to participate in and we will be having you know prizes and uh and credits etc. Um there is no minimum coding requirement. Um so you can be using AI assisted tools no code whatever. Um and uh we have full team uh formation support via the discord channels which uh we can give you details of. Um and to if you're not already registered I'm guessing most of you may be but the main register for this is uh www.kxsb.org26. Um just again um you know you can attend this in person hybrid uh at one or other of the in re real life events um and we can also um provide some co-working at the uh at Plexil in in London if you need somewhere to work. I'm now going to hand back to George. >> Hey. Okay. So what should you build and how to submit it? Right. Um so my advice to everyone is push the boundaries, be ambitious. Um you know not everything has to work or be completed. Uh we'll we'll consider you know every stage of um of effort. Um it's sort of you know when we get to the judging you know sort of how how interesting novel um augmentative um is this what um what was being considered. Uh the submission requirements are relatively simple. Um we ask you to number one um create a project on the KXSB platform uh that basically needs to have all your team members attached to it um as well as your submitted artifacts um whatever they may be right because something that is not on that project and someone who is not on that project um cannot be considered uh for any uh awards right so we cannot we cannot judge stuff that is not connected to a project on on the platform. Um the minimum requirement is a demo video, right? So your video can be a um you know a demonstration of your hardware, your software, a presentation of your paper, um you know what what have you. But you know primarily we look at uh a video presentation. We look at these to be around the 5 minute u mark. um you know it doesn't have to be exactly like that if it's over or under um doesn't doesn't disqualify you but the target should be um getting getting a 5minute video done. Uh the reason for this is because it's simply manageable for um our judges to um consider the videos in full. We will do a best effort to consider additional attached things like um GitHub repos or documentation or data sets or uh prototypes. Um but uh the video is is sort of the the anchor of it all and simply you know depending on how many submissions we get. Uh the deadline is on April 10th. Um we have the award show on April 17th. Uh we need to go through everything and make up our minds. So you know there's a limited amount of time to do that. Um that's the explanation for that. Um you can of course add as much stuff as you would like. uh you can publish your projects uh on the KXSB platform. So you can make them visible to other members or to the public at large. Uh and you know of course this is sort of a linking system. So you can have your videos on YouTube for example, your code on GitHub etc. It's all just linked to that project which is kind of a meta structure uh of uh of what you have built. Uh in terms of the judging um it's going to be members of our KXSB team together with um industry experts um for the different missions uh and also together with some of our partners uh that help make these events possible. Uh and uh we will announce the final list of the judges on our website uh before the event. Again to remind you, uh you can start on this as late as you like, but the submission deadline is going to be midnight uh GMT April 10th, 2026. Um I also want to talk a little bit about uh support and resources uh that um we're going to make available. So first of all uh the portal. The portal has two things. So I I encourage everyone to sign up on kxsb.org. Um this is relatively simple. You just need an email address or a Gmail or a LinkedIn or a GitHub account and um you can sign up and have an account. Uh once you're signed up, there is two additional things to do um to optimally participate. Number one, uh connect your Discord account. If you don't have a Discord account, you can create one for free um at um discord.com. you can get the uh the Discord chat application if you're not familiar with it. It's basically a um a chat that has specific areas and has additional functionality uh that exists specifically in the KXSB context uh where you can enter commands and um for example um create your projects and and join teams. Um the other thing that we encourage you to do is functionality which you just added this week which is to create a builder card. A builder card is basically you know your resume in you know a very uh summarized and um hopefully entertaining form. Uh so it's basically a little bit like a uh RGB game where um RPG game where you can go and uh connect different capabilities uh into slots uh and you can make that card discoverable by others. Uh for example, when you're in Discord uh you can use the /card command and give somebody's discord handle and if they have their card uh filled in uh you can look at it. Uh so that way you know you can learn things about uh people even before you chat with them. But of course chat with people right. Um once you have your discord account and your card you can also go and join or launch your own projects on discord which again works with um slashcomands. Um our team is available on discord to um help with that in case you're stuck on anything. Uh so just ping any of the moderators uh and we should usually be around to uh to help you on with any difficulties. Um the other thing that we're going to do is uh workshops. Uh so during the accelerator we're going to have a few um live and also um you know made available via recording after workshops. Um these are you know around different technologies often from um partners that we work with uh that for example make capacity or GPUs or um different capabilities available for uh for builders. Um we will also you know thanks to our partner Vulture make generous GPU and compute credits available for builders um during the accelerator. Uh, as well as Paul already mentioned, our venue partner Plexil uh will offer co-working space uh to teams that want to work together um in real life um at the Plexil facility. And uh I think the next thing that everybody's waiting to hear more about is the prizes and opportunities which I'll hand back over to Paul. >> Yes, thanks very much. Um yeah, we've got exciting prizes and opportunities. Um the bit you've all been waiting for. Um we're going to have cash prizes. Um minimum 2K per category um for the winners and also 500 sorry £500 uh for the runner up. Um sorry, I'll just repeat that. I'm not sure what I said, but um uh two 2K per category for the winner and um 500 for the runner up. Um also as George mentioned we'll have av availability of GPU and compute credits uh from vulture um platform and API credits from 12 labs um we also give some soft benefits um by giving featured placement on the KXSB channels um featuring people for example um online mentoring and talent exchange visibility um so this really is um the idea that uh recruitment processes are increasingly uh broken in the AI age and this is um the opportunity really to show that you can build um we've got um corporate partners that be you know looking for people and we can uh help facilitate that. Um we also have um uh we're able to offer travel stipens um for the Berlin Showcase finalists as well. So they can join us uh at that um the party we have at the end. Um we're going to have more news coming up. There's one or two uh items that are currently embargo because they're big news uh hot news. Um but we'll be coming out on those um at the beginning of next week. and I'm just handing over back to George. >> Uh yeah, thanks Paul. So um hopefully we've addressed most of the things that we wanted to get across, but given that we're always a little bit impromptu, uh we probably forgot the one or other thing that you guys have questions about. So please, um you know, ping us your questions on Discord or on the YouTube chat. Uh and I'll hand over to Oena in a minute to look at what uh you know may have been uh already queued up there. Um the thing that I want to give everybody as a takeaway too is that um you know we're trying to make a difference uh at KXSB through the accelerator format. We want you to have a chance at building lasting global connections. Uh to get real world visibility through hands-on delivery uh to connect directly with uh technology partners, collaborators and uh potential employers uh and to bridge you know to build a bridge between building uh an opportunity as part of a broader ecosystem. Um at this point uh Oena do we have any questions? Cute. Um yeah, I guess we can go again. Um you answered this already, but let's just do it once again. I would love to know uh the process of how to form a team. >> Yes. Uh so this is really, you know, you can form your team with your friends offline in real life. Of course, um that that you know that's a given. Uh but there is the way to do it on the platform, right? And so to do it on the platform, um fill in your uh builder cards, get on discord, uh you can just start chatting with people or you know announcing that you look for a certain type of partner. Again, um our moderators will also be able to help when you know they know of people that have asked us maybe to you know look for similar uh connections. Um and you can also if you already have an idea you can form a project. Uh so there is a slash command uh called slpropose and then you can pick a project and you can basically enter the details about your project. you can select uh how many people you would like to join you in your project. And then conversely um if you want to see if there is joinable projects already uh you can use another slash command which is slash projects and you get a list of the joinable projects. Um there is sort of a um another way to browse projects which is on our portal uh where you can just go to the project menu uh and you can see projects at different stages. Uh but if you would like to join them the only way to do that is on discord. So if you if you do slash projects you get a list you click on the ones whose names you find interesting. You can read more about them. There is threads connected to projects where you can have discussions, ask questions and most importantly there is a join button that you can click and basically the project owner is being informed that you have applied to join the project. Right? It's then up to the project owner to decide if they would like to have you in their project or not. Uh but you know you can you can have DMs, you can have uh conversations in the project thread. uh and uh so we found that um in previous accelerators this has been uh a good way for people to connect globally um using this method in inside of Discord. Hopefully that answers the question. Of course any other you know ways that people like to connect you know if you reach out on LinkedIn to your connection saying you do the accelerator and you would like to have partners or any other platform that you're on. Um all is fair game, right? Um the discord is the specific one that we maintain and make available. But pretty much any other way of forming teams uh is totally okay. >> And if you are watching our stream on YouTube, I will share in the chat the link to our website where you can find our discord as well. Uh we do have another question uh that goes like flying to Berlin after inerson oneonone launch event would be fun but what are the logistics of it? where should I pre-book the flights and hotels for? >> Okay, so the logistics uh first of all the address of where we are um at PT1 is on our website. At least I hope it is. Uh okay, it's on Luma, but we'll make sure that it gets put onto our website today. So you can find it there, too. Um, we'll post also on Discord the exact addresses and dates of uh the in-person events. Um, as far as um organizing travel or visas, etc. Um, we're not supporting that. So, you're going to have to organize that by yourself. But what we do do is what uh Paul mentioned before. Um if you are among the finalists uh of the accelerator uh we will offer subsidies towards travel uh to Berlin. Right. The details of these subsidies will be announced um a little bit later because um we have a finite budget for this and we always need to see you know how many people are in a in a situation where they would like subsidies. So we'll we'll make the exact amounts of the subsidies known during the accelerator. And then the final one would be what is the main criteria for the selection of the teams? Um and also how many teams in total we would accept to join the >> okay so there is no limit to the number of teams um like you know we've had like um you know 60 70 different uh teams apply not all teams uh always finish but you know definitely you know we see lots of teams forming um I expect that to be the same this year uh there is no limit on the number of teams also I want to stress that you can also be a solo um hacker, right? You don't have to work in a team, but of course, you know, teams are making things more more interesting in many cases. Uh so we definitely encourage you to form teams. Um in terms of what should be in a team, this is really depending on which mission you decide to uh follow and um you know your personal preferences on how you like to work, right? So we've seen in the past really multid-disciplinary teams um you know between you know hardcore developers um you know business analysts that joined and uh you know just members of the general public like you know civilians as I called them that had an interest in AI and and heard about this on Luma or meetup uh and uh you know some of them had fantastic ideas because they weren't really constrained by you know having spent years in the trenches and uh led to some really interesting projects. So, uh you know, I encourage you to have an open mind and um you know, chat with other um candidates and and form your teams. >> Um and so the final question as well would be is there any investment expected at the end of the program from your end? If yes, what are the specs of the investment? um investment you mean in terms of like venture capital or um >> I guess the question >> what it improves >> goodwill or um uh so you know for sure um let me let me sort of discuss the whole gamut of that then uh so you know we like to um you know nothing makes us prouder than have teams that uh formed during a accelerator go on do great stuff, right? Um, you know, Paul, Les, and myself, we've been around uh this industry for many years and, uh, you know, as such, you know, maintain a very active network of connections. You know, be that in industry, be that in um, you know, capital raising or uh, be that in um, you know, finding uh, employment opportunities, right? And so um you know we'll make our best effort to help everyone uh achieve what they're looking to achieve right um so we can provide ongoing mentorship for um projects that want that um and uh you know within the possibilities of our capacity. So you know we cannot do it for you know 30 projects but we can do it for a handful uh and have been doing so. Um and we can do introductions to um capital where capital is needed and makes sense. Uh you know in often times um capital is not the first thing that projects need um but you know it may be the second or the third thing uh and so we're happy to help. >> Um yeah and then I can also I would like to ask Paul to cover our schedule for London and Berlin events. Thanks, Alina. Uh, yes, I probably didn't say enough about um the in real life in London. Um, I mentioned how fantastic the venue was. Uh, but probably didn't tell you enough about first of all timings. Um, I we we um are starting from 3:00 for 4:00 start. Um, Stratford, it's near Stratford. Stratford is very very well served by um transport but the place is about 15 minutes walk from Stratford. So and there are various means of getting from Stratford to the venue. There's a shuttle bus. Um you can also go to Hacknewick station and just walk. It's just 500 meters or something like that. Or if it's a nice sunny day, I do recommend walking across the Olympic Park to um to the to the venue. Um the event itself, well, we're going to have um you know, beers and pizzas, so it's going to be a fun event. Um and we've got a panel a panel discussion. We're going to have discussion around the various missions um and get everybody started uh hacking, so we get off to a good start. So, um I think I've covered most of the details there. Um Alina, tell me if I've forgotten anything. Um well, in Berlin, I think we've we've we've mentioned Berlin. you have to make your own way to Berlin. Um the venue is um in in um central Berlin. Um I think the start time is uh on the website. I can't quite remember what it is. I don't know if you know Alina. Um uh but it's easy to find anyway. >> Um thank you so much. Uh and then also you mentioned some workshops given the theme of both robotics and agents. Is there any support getting hardware uh asking to start thinking about constraints for ideas? >> Uh yes. So um for hardware specifically uh there are some announcement next week. Uh as um Paul mentioned uh we we're not unfortunately not allowed to talk about it today but so you're going to have to watch the website um in terms of workshops. So and and for compute uh you know we're working with vulture uh to supply what is needed and so we have both like um inference APIs uh as well as bare metal uh GPU hardware uh that uh that can be made available for the projects um and you know the the usual sort of you know compute and storage and networking um requirements that uh that exist. Um in terms of the workshops uh they will be orientated uh around two things. number one the mission topics and number two um the collaborators of the technology platforms and what they make available right because we find that when we make something available you know the sort of uh scramble um up front always is like how you know where do I get my codes or coupons you know how do I need to register how does this thing even work how can I use it etc so we try to be proactive around that uh and um have specific workshops that you know you can attend, ask your questions um or you can rewatch them later if they were at an inopportune time for your time zone or um you know lifestyle. Um the other thing I would like to mention that also again in discord uh normally you know we create a number of threads uh in the AR26 channel uh around the different offerings uh that are there to support people uh where you can go and ask these questions and you know read previous questions that you know others have asked and how they going to answer anymore. or >> I guess not for now but if yes if you have any question just use the YouTube chat or discord and let me know. >> Yeah. Okay. All right. Fantastic. Well, thanks everyone for joining. Thank you team for um running the session. Hopefully it's been useful. Um and those of you who watch this um after the live stream um you know come to Discord, ask your questions. we will deal with them as good as we can and uh hope you have fun uh creating teams and participating in AR26. Thank you everybody. >> Thank you.